c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Dogbert2.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Dogbert2.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\DataAnnotationsExtensions.ClientValidation.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\DataAnnotationsExtensions.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Dogbert2.Core.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Elmah.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\HibernatingRhinos.Profiler.Appender.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\MvcContrib.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\MvcContrib.FluentHtml.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\MvcMiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\NHibernate.ByteCode.Spring.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\NHibernate.Validator.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\UCDArch.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\xVal.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Spring.Aop.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Spring.Core.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Rhino.Mocks.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\bin\Dogbert2.Core.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\obj\Debug\Dogbert2.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Dogbert2\Dogbert2\obj\Debug\Dogbert2.pdb
